[MULTIARCH-3485] Single Node Cluster Support (SNO) for P (#65166)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/install-sno-requirements-for-installing-on-a-single-node.adoc

Installing {product-title} on a single node alleviates some of the requirements for high availability and large scale clusters. However, you must address the following requirements:

* *Administration host:* You must have a computer to prepare the ISO, to create the USB boot drive, and to monitor the installation. 
[NOTE]
====

> For the `ppc64le` platform, the host should create the ISO, but need not do the USB boot drive. The ISO can be mounted to PowerVM directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the `ppc64le` platform, the host should prepare the ISO, but does not need to create the USB boot drive. The ISO can be mounted to PowerVM directly.
```

Reviewer: > The ISO can be mounted to PowerVM directly.
Does the `ppc641e` platform do this step, or does the user do this step?

Reviewer 2: Users have to do it.
